Welcome back.
Now we've got our bootstrap project all set up.
Let's take a look at the final project and take a look at what we're going to be building in this section.
So next we're going to be adding the hate mail for the header section the header section contains a
navigation bar across the top which is going to have the logo in the top left and also on the right
hand side.
We're going to have the menu links.
We're going to add a large background image and also the featured text in the centre which is going
to be both horizontally and vertically aligned.
The Texan image is going to be static for now.
But once we get onto the WordPress section later on in the course the user will be able to change the
background and also the text.
So to get started with the head section.
Let's head over to our text editor and let's get rid of the sidebar for now.
So if we scroll down.
Well can delete the hello world.
Age One had.
And then let's start with a comment for the dissection.
Okay so the dissection will be between the header tags.
And we're going to get started with the navigation bar at the top of the page.
So that will be enough times.
It's gone.
How so.
Bouchon classes the first one will be enough bar.
And then another bar.
Default.
So we'll be using a lot of these bookstop classes as we go through the project.
If you're curious to know exactly what each one of these is doing we can go over to the bootstrap SS
in the SS folder.
It will look for the bootstrap dot C S S.
For example if we look for.
Not by default.
So having to boost upsy assess and if you use your text editor is find function and then type in the
clash you want to look for.
Some will look for no default.
This will then take you to the section of the SS which applies so you can see it by a uddin Enough.
By default it includes various borders and buckram colours.
So we can use this if you want to know exactly what's going on in the CSF behind the scenes.
It's also worth bearing in mind that any of these bootstrap classes we have included can also add to
all variety in our own customs access file.
So next we're going to add a div with the class of container fluid.
And again contain the fluid is a bookstop Plus you can use container fluid which provides a fluid full
weight div.
All can use the container class by itself which includes a div with a fixed width and then within the
container fluid.
We're going to create a new div.
We had a class of nav bar header.
Would in this div.
This is going to be the section which includes the information for screen readers and also we'll take
a look at the finished project.
You can see if we shrink the browser down it's fully responsive website.
So once you get below a certain size navigation menu turns into a dropped menu.
So the header is also going to contain the information for the drop down button.
So let's start with.
But no.
So the UN is going to have a type.
Off button will add some bootstrap classes.
The first one is nav bar toggle.
And then collapsed.
It's going to be collapsed by default.
So we're going to add the data toggle.
To be equal to collapse.
D.
Data.
Target.
Is equal to what nav bar.
I in UPS.
So what the data Target is doing.
This is Lincoln the button to a div.
Would a class of not bar collapse and will create that after the button.
Nested inside the ball will go into the.
Free icon bars which are on the drop down button so the first one.
These will all be between spam tags so the first spam tag will just be a class for screen readers.
So this will have a class of s r only.
And the text for the screen reader.
We'll be toggle navigation.
And their necks will add another spine.
We have a class.
Of Icom bar.
So this is the first of the free icon bars.
So it's got to be exactly the same for two more.
So we can just copy and paste or duplicate that.
Just change the spell in there.
There we go.
OK.
So let's check that on the preview.
Also on the smallish screen we've got the dropped arm bomb appear in there.
And that should disappear once we get to a certain size.
There we go.
So next we need to add the logo to the top left hand corner and also the free navigation links.
So to start the logo is going to go just below the button but still would in the nut bar had a diff.
And if you're going to be a link.
So we'll put the hatrack tags and this you've got a link back to the index page which is indexed I hate
Jamal and D.
But strub class.
Is North bar brand.
Because our logo is simply text.
We can just type this in there.
So tranquil spa.
So that's the end of the novel barrhead dissection.
So I'm going to add some comments.
So we'll call this the nut bar header.
I will end up there.
So just below the nut bar had a diff.
The next live will have the free links of Home Blog and latest news.
So the container div will have the class.
Of Columbus.
And then next we'll add the nav bar collapse plus which we used for the data Target.
And then in this collapse section will other what an ordered list.
An Old BOOTS drop classes of now.
Bar now.
Also now.
BAR.
Right.
Which pushes the navigation links to the right hand side of the div.
And then frailest items.
Which are also links so the hate Treff the first link.
Is for home so this will link to the index page Jamal and the text was home.
And we need to more list items.
The second one is for the blog dot hates Jamal.
And change the name and the third link is for the latest new section.
Now I'm just going to leave the link empty for this one.
We'll be creating a template for the blog section use and bootstrap.
But when it comes to the latest new section this is gonna be dynamically generated in wordpress.
Were basically going to be using the blog page but we're just going to use a filter just to filter all
the blog posts to be the latest news category.
Then add some comments.
So let's first add a comment to the nub bar collapse.
Closing of.
And then the last one is for the.
Contain a fluid.
Now can close that up there.
So let's check that out in the browser and see how that's look.
Great.
So we've got the logo appear on.
We've got the Freeling on the right hand side and shrinking the browser down.
That drops to a drop down button.
Which expands to show the three links.
And by the way because the drop down button is working.
This also shows that I would javascript stropped javascript which is included in the J s folder is all
link correctly and it's all working down at the very bottom of the page you can see that the links are
already included in the bootstrap template both for jaquie and also the bootstrap javascript.
So know that's all working correctly.
So now we've got another station bar complete.
Next we're going to start on the background image and also the text.
And we can call this the feature section.
So we're going to put this just below the navigation.
So let's copy that header.
And then paste it just below the close enough tigg.
But still would in the header.
And when I call this the feature section.
So because the feature section has a large background image which you want to stretch the full width
for the page you're going to make use of the bootstrap contain a fluid again.
And then within the container fluid we need to add a new a bootstrap class of role and also our own
custom class which is feature.
So we're getting to that in the C S S in the next video and then add the path to the image.
So image source.
So we've got a images folder within the project and then the large background image is called Lake b.g.
DOT j peg.
And add some old text in there.
I'm going to ARDS late background.
So let's check if that's working okay.
Head back in to our project.
So logos so there's a large image pain in the background so let's next hour the text which overlays
that image.
So the text will be grown in its own div and we'll add a custom class.
Of feature text.
And then inside this container will add our text in the tags so the text was fully responsive.
Premium spa theme.
For wordpress.
And then I'm going to add some braid tags after the word responsive and also after the word theme.
Just to split that up onto different lines.
So it will go back into the browser and see how that's look.
We won't have the text appearing in over that image just yet because we need to add some success for
that to work.
What the text is appearing just below so we don't need to worry about that just yet will solve that
in the next video.
So we'll just finish this section off by in some closing comments.
First of all to the fluid container.
And then to the div with the glass of roll.
And then the featured text.
So there we go so that's the end of the page.
Too small for the header section.
If you join me in the next video will continue with the header section by uddin the access will also
take a look at the stropped rows and grid system.